[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2017 action thriller film John
wick chapter 2 so let's get started
part of this summary relies on you
having seen the first film check the
cards above for the summary four days
after the events of the first film John
wick retrieves his stolen Mustang
destroying it in the process he returns
home has his Mustang taken for repairs
and cements his weapons into the ground
once again as soon as he is done
cementing the door bell is rung by
Italian crime lord Santino in order to
retire
Santino swore John to a marker an
unbreakable promise
Santino demands services from John who
declines in retaliation Santino destroys
John's home with a grenade launcher John
travels to the Continental Hotel in New
York Winston reminds John that if he
rejects the marker he will be violating
the high tables rules
John reluctantly accepts and is tasked
with assassinating santiana sister
Gianna so he can claim her seat on the
high table John infiltrates Gianna's
coronation party he confronts her and
Gianna takes her own life
Santino opens a 7 million dollar
contract for John's death under the
guise of avenging his sister
John seeks help from an underground
crime lord who guides him to Santino's
location
Santino escapes to the Continental where
he intends to stay in its sanctuary
despite Winston's warnings John kills
santiana in the continental lounge / the
high table the contract on John has been
doubled and opened globally John has
been excommunicated from the continental
losing all of its resources
however Winston delays the announcement
for one hour and provides him with a
marker for future use as John and his
dog run through the park
cell phones around him ring signaling
that the global contract has been
announced so that was a spoiler for John
wick chapter 2 if you have a film you'd
like to see a spoil let us know in the
comments below check out movie's spoiler
alerts on Instagram and remember to Like
and subscribe thanks for watching